Update README for Windows build to improve usability (#2979)
onnx/onnx: README.md

### Windows
If you are building ONNX from source on Windows, it is recommended that you also build Protobuf locally as a static library. The version distributed with conda-forge is a DLL and this is a conflict as ONNX expects it to be a static library.

> Note that the instructions in this README assume you are using Visual Studio. It is recommended that you run all the commands from a shell started from "Developer Command Prompt for VS 2019" and keep the build system generator for cmake consistent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The instructions in this README assume you are using Visual Studio to build ONNX on Windows. It is recommended that you run all the commands from a shell started from "Developer Command Prompt for VS 2019" and keep the build system generator for cmake consistent.
```

A little unclear what you mean by the "build system generator for cmake"

Author: Good catch. I will make an example. Thanks!

#### Build Protobuf and ONNX on Windows
Step 1: Build Protobuf locally
```
git clone https://github.com/protocolbuffers/protobuf.git
cd protobuf

> git checkout 3.12.x

Author: I can build onnx on Windows with the latest protobuf so I updated it. Please comment if you have any concern about this. Thanks.

Reviewer 2: Is this working with Windows Anaconda?

Author: cc @vinitra for checking with Windows Anaconda. Thanks!

Author: @wschin Even I just tested it. Even Protobuf 3.13 (shared libary) is working with Windows conda.

Reviewer 3: please use 3.11.3 (as this is the one being used in the current release package)

### Windows
If you are building ONNX from source on Windows, it is recommended that you also build Protobuf locally as a static library. The version distributed with conda-forge is a DLL and this is a conflict as ONNX expects it to be a static library.

Note that the instructions in this README assume you are using Visual Studio. It is recommended that you run all the commands from a shell started from "Developer Command Prompt for VS 2019" and keep the build system generator for cmake (e.g., cmake -G "Visual Studio 16 2019") consistent.

#### Build Protobuf and ONNX on Windows
Step 1: Build Protobuf locally
```
git clone https://github.com/protocolbuffers/protobuf.git
cd protobuf
git checkout 3.12.x
cd cmake
# Explicitly set -Dprotobuf_MSVC_STATIC_RUNTIME=OFF to make sure protobuf does not statically link to runtime library

> cmake -Dprotobuf_MSVC_STATIC_RUNTIME=OFF -Dprotobuf_BUILD_TESTS=OFF -Dprotobuf_BUILD_EXAMPLES=OFF -DCMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX=<protobuf_install_dir>

Reviewer 3: if you are adding an example below then I suggest changing this to 
 cmake -G <generator> -A <arch> -Dprotobuf_MSVC_STATIC_RUNTIME=OFF -Dprotobuf_BUILD_TESTS=OFF -Dprotobuf_BUILD_EXAMPLES=OFF -DCMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX=<protobuf_install_dir>

> set PATH=<protobuf_install_dir>\bin;%PATH%

Reviewer 3: I think \include and \libs also need to be added to the path

Author: Only including the \bin path which has `protoc.exe` works in my local Windows... Are \include and \libs needed for building ONNX with static protobuf in GitHub Action CI?

Reviewer 3: yes they are needed. Please add them

Author: Added. Thanks

set USE_MSVC_STATIC_RUNTIME=0

# use the static installed protobuf

> set CMAKE_ARGS=-DONNX_USE_PROTOBUF_SHARED_LIBS=OFF -DProtobuf_USE_STATIC_LIBS=ON

Author: Defaults for `-DProtobuf_USE_STATIC_LIBS` and `-DONNX_USE_PROTOBUF_SHARED_LIBS` are not working... Thus the setting here is required.
